tidb-lightning: add `block-size` (#16205)
pingcap/docs: tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-configuration.md

# This parameter is introduced in v7.1.0.
# region-check-backoff-limit = 1800

> # block-size controls the local sorting file IO lock size in physical import (local backend). You can increase this value when IOPS  is a bottleneck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# In Physical Import Mode, this parameter controls the I/O lock size of the local sorting file. You can increase this value when IOPS  is a bottleneck.
```

> # In Physical Import Mode, this parameter controls the I/O lock size of the local sorting file. You can increase this value when IOPS  is a bottleneck.

Author: ```suggestion
# In Physical Import Mode, this parameter controls the I/O block size of the local sorting file. You can increase this value when IOPS  is a bottleneck.
```

> # In Physical Import Mode, this parameter controls the I/O block size of the local sorting file. You can increase this value when IOPS  is a bottleneck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# In Physical Import Mode, this parameter controls the I/O block size for the local sorting file. You can increase this value when IOPS  is a bottleneck.
```

> # In Physical Import Mode, this parameter controls the I/O block size for the local sorting file. You can increase this value when IOPS  is a bottleneck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# In Physical Import Mode, this parameter controls the I/O block size for the local sorting file. You can increase this value when IOPS is a bottleneck.
```

> # This parameter is introduced in v7.6.0.

Author: ```suggestion
# This parameter is introduced in v7.6.0. The default value is "16KiB".
```
